Add annotations to combine ApisixPluginConfig with k8s ingress resource (#1139)
apache/apisix-ingress-controller: docs/en/latest/concepts/annotations.md

            port:
              number: 80
```

Use ApisixPluginConfig
---------

You can use the following annotations to use the `ApisixPluginConfig`.

* `k8s.apisix.apache.org/plugin-conifg-name`
  

> If this annotations set to `ApisixPluginConfig.metadata.name` the route will enable websoket

Reviewer: Not websocket

> If this annotations set to `ApisixPluginConfig.metadata.name` the route will enable websoket

Reviewer 2: This sentence is weird, why this route will enable websocket?

Author: already edited

> For example, the following Ingress, if we set `k8s.apisix.apache.org/plugin-conifg-name: "echo-and-cors-apc"`. `/api/*` route will enable echo-and-cors-apc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example, we attach the annotation `k8s.apisix.apache.org/plugin-conifg-name: "echo-and-cors-apc` for the following Ingress resource, so that `/api/*` route will enable the [echo](https://apisix.apache.org/docs/apisix/plugins/echo/) and [cors](https://apisix.apache.org/docs/apisix/plugins/cors/) plugins.
```

            port:
              number: 80
```

Use ApisixPluginConfig
---------

You can use the following annotations to use the `ApisixPluginConfig`.

> * `k8s.apisix.apache.org/plugin-conifg-name`

Reviewer 3: there is a typo in annotation name:
`k8s.apisix.apache.org/plugin-config-name`

Reviewer 4: @pietrogoddibit2win This page was updated after merging this PR. I think the issue is now resolved: https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller/blob/master/docs/en/latest/concepts/annotations.md

Reviewer 3: In the official docs page I can still see the error https://apisix.apache.org/docs/ingress-controller/concepts/annotations/

Reviewer 4: Ah, that's because these fixes have not been published yet. We are trying to make the versioning better, but now it is a mess. You can select "Next" from the version dropdown and you would be able to see the updated docs.

            port:
              number: 80
```

Use ApisixPluginConfig
---------

You can use the following annotations to use the `ApisixPluginConfig`.

* `k8s.apisix.apache.org/plugin-conifg-name`
  
If this annotations set to `ApisixPluginConfig.metadata.name` the route will use `ApisixPluginConfig`

If this comment is set to the `ApisixPluginConfig` resource name, the route will set the corresponding `PluginConfig`

> ApisixPluginConfig is a resource under the same Namespace as Ingress

Reviewer: @juzhiyuan @navendu-pottekkat  Can you guys help improve this documentation?

Reviewer 5: If the content is correct, you can merge first. Navendu will update this project's docs when available.

Reviewer: okay
